README.md, before:

# Speedtest-Tracker-v2-InfluxDBv2

A dashboard to display data exported by Speedtest Tracker v2 . Avalible Now at Grafana Dashboard 17808
(https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/17808-speedtest-tracker-v2-influxdbv2/)

This dashboard shows data collected by Speedtest Tracker v2 https://github.com/alexjustesen/speedtest-tracker and exported in an InfluxDBv2 database in the bucket.

Dashboard based on my previous dashboard Speedtest Tracker - InfluxDBv2 with guide for OLD Speedtest Tracker app. https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/16428-speedtest-tracker/

Same steps here as before for exporting data but without needs for influxDBv1.

![Screenshot 2024-08-14 202917](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/aab1ed25-2e70-4486-b540-4da6306418b6)
![Screenshot 2024-08-14 202935](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/37685a7d-9d58-4987-a4dd-2ebeabaebc49)

``` 14.8.24 - More Panels added + some fixes. ```<br>
``` 20.4.24 - Panels fixed + Avg Speed fixed. ```<br>
``` 6.4.24 - Added Multi bucket support. ```<br>

 You can change bucket name and add multiple buckets by : 

 <b>Go to Dashboard Setting - Variables - Click on bucket - Custom options:</b>
 
![Screenshot 2024-04-06 204806](https://github.com/masterwishx/Speedtest-Tracker-v2-InfluxDBv2/assets/28630321/808c1b36-71dc-4669-8014-6aac6ebfd85b)

Commit message:

update to be compatible with 0.25 version
Signed-off-by: DaRK AnGeL <28630321+masterwishx@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Speedtest-Tracker-v2-InfluxDBv2

A dashboard to display data exported by Speedtest Tracker v2 . Avalible Now at Grafana Dashboard 17808
(https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/17808-speedtest-tracker-v2-influxdbv2/)

This dashboard shows data collected by Speedtest Tracker v2 https://github.com/alexjustesen/speedtest-tracker and exported in an InfluxDBv2 database in the bucket.

Dashboard based on my previous dashboard Speedtest Tracker - InfluxDBv2 with guide for OLD Speedtest Tracker app. https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/16428-speedtest-tracker/

Same steps here as before for exporting data but without needs for influxDBv1.

![Screenshot 2024-08-14 202917](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/aab1ed25-2e70-4486-b540-4da6306418b6)
![Screenshot 2024-08-14 202935](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/37685a7d-9d58-4987-a4dd-2ebeabaebc49)

## 7.12.24 - Compatibility Update

- **Compatible with Speedtest Tracker v0.25**
  - Some fields have been moved to tags.
  
- **Fixes:**
  - Addressed several issues identified in the previous versions.

``` 14.8.24 - More Panels added + some fixes. ```<br>
``` 20.4.24 - Panels fixed + Avg Speed fixed. ```<br>
``` 6.4.24 - Added Multi bucket support. ```<br>

 You can change bucket name and add multiple buckets by : 

 <b>Go to Dashboard Setting - Variables - Click on bucket - Custom options:</b>
 
![Screenshot 2024-04-06 204806](https://github.com/masterwishx/Speedtest-Tracker-v2-InfluxDBv2/assets/28630321/808c1b36-71dc-4669-8014-6aac6ebfd85b)
